= 2024-01-15 =

I just feel like my parents have always been absent shitty parents.

  They aren't the type to put a cigarette out on you (mom almost but she doesn't smoke, she'd rather throw glasses of wine)
But they are somewhat absent. I really can't think of them being interested in anything we as kids were, unless it interested them.
And its always the bare minimum. Always the bare amount of help. The bare amount of tools. The bare amount of attention of what you
wanted to accomplish. Its no wonder I spent my teenage years drinking and doing drugs. Even when homeschooled my mother just sat
at the kitchen table sipping coffee and reading the paper like it was a full time job. This lady pretends she has the hardest life
but can't even spend the time to teach her kids who she wanted to homeschool. She did more work researching how other people
homeschool kids than actually schooling. And my dad was so absent he couldnt have ever noticed, nor cared. Hell I want to solder
and the dude hands me tools that don't work, solder that is meant to solder massive cables. And that's how it definately always went
as a kid. He would get you the bare minimum, meanwhile the dude can afford to be doing ten projects himself that he never gets done
My parents are selfish pieces of shit and I fucking hate them.

Im also reminded when I wanted to make knives even my mom naysayed that. I was just talking about getting $30 of bricks and she told
me to save my money. I don't think they realize how much it can hurt having the first thing someone say back be negative.
And than what left do I have to do. Nothing? Smoke. Drink. Run around town. Make bad choices. Whatever. They're stupid fucking pieces
of shit. Especially my mom. She doesn't deserve a single good thing in life.

I'm convinced the only reason she had my brother was so she had a reason to stay in the country, even though she constantly talks 
how bad this place is, and how much better germany is. The country of never again, but i think they meant the nurumberg trials 
because theyre the first country to back up israels genocide of Palestinians in ICC Hague this week. Anyway thats a bit off topic 
but let me tell you German people suck. It shouldnt even be allowed to be a country after two world wars. But yeah its ironic, shes
pro abortion, and that was definately not a good time to have a kid, you think you would probably not. The only reason I can think of 
would be to stay in the US. To be honest she's a terrible parent I don't know if she should have had kids. All they seem to care about 
is retirement dreams, and a "white picket" house. They care tenfold about their dreams compared to their kids. They probably haven't 
the slightest clue what we actually care about in life. What sorry excuses for humans. These are the worst people.
